Docs: warn about default variables set by conda (#5466)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/install/dependencies.rst

More info for `CUDA-enabled ML packages <https://twitter.com/jeremyphoward/status/1697435241152127369>`__.

> .. warning::
>    When you install CMake in a conda environment, conda sets several environment variables, e.g., ``CXXFLAGS``, to default values that are specific to the conda environment. Such values are concatenated to the values set by WarpX during buildsystem generation. In order to avoid unintended side effects (e.g., compiling with ``-O2`` instead of ``-O3``), please consider clearing ``CXXFLAGS`` (and/or other relevant variables) before generating the buildsystem and compiling.

Author: @RemiLehe Does this look good to you?
```suggestion
.. warning::
   When you install CMake in a conda environment, conda sets several environment variables, e.g., ``CXXFLAGS``, to default values that are specific to the conda environment. Such values are concatenated to the values set by WarpX during buildsystem generation. In order to avoid unintended side effects (e.g., compiling with ``-O2`` instead of ``-O3``), please consider clearing ``CXXFLAGS`` and/or other relevant variables (e.g., via ``export CXXFLAGS=""``) before generating the buildsystem and compiling.
```

> .. warning::
>    When you install CMake in a conda environment, conda sets several environment variables, e.g., ``CXXFLAGS``, to default values that are specific to the conda environment. Such values are concatenated to the values set by WarpX during buildsystem generation. In order to avoid unintended side effects (e.g., compiling with ``-O2`` instead of ``-O3``), please consider clearing ``CXXFLAGS`` and/or other relevant variables (e.g., via ``export CXXFLAGS=""``) before generating the buildsystem and compiling.

Reviewer: Unsetting is actually not safe, e.g., on some platforms we want to use the same C++ stdlib as the rest of the dependencies: https://github.com/conda-forge/clang-compiler-activation-feedstock/blob/49fa377b3f8cd81fbbb245f63d2c1b53e2d19e94/recipe/build.sh#L7
```suggestion
.. warning::

   When you install CMake in a conda environment, conda sets several environment variables, e.g., ``CXXFLAGS``, to default values that are specific to the conda environment. Such values are concatenated to the values set by WarpX during buildsystem generation. If you like maximum performance (e.g., compiling with ``-O2`` instead of ``-O3``), please consider manipulating ``CXXFLAGS`` and/or other relevant variables (e.g., via ``export CXXFLAGS="${CXXFLAGS} -O3"``) before configuring and compiling.
```
